docs: doc-1841 profile variable workflow update (#6796)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/profiles/cluster-profiles/create-cluster-profiles/define-profile-variables/modify-cluster-profile-variables.md

   If you are overwriting the default value, you can revert to the original value by selecting **Use Default**. Updated
   profile variable values must match the schema defined in the cluster profile variable.

   Each profile must have a **Reviewed** status, indicated by a green check mark, before you can apply your changes.

>    Hovering over each icon between **Running configuration** and **New configuration** will explain what is being done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Hovering over each icon between **Running configuration** and **New configuration** explains what is being done
```

Present tense whenever possible :)

>    for each variable. In the following example, we changed:
> 
>    - the Kubecost frontend `imagePullPolicy` from `Always` to `IfNotPresent`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   for each variable. In the below example, we made the following changes:

   - Changed the Kubecost frontend `imagePullPolicy` from `Always` to `IfNotPresent`.
```

Our style is that what comes before the colon must be a complete sentence. All items in a list should also begin with a capital letter, unless it's a proper noun that explicitly uses lowercase (such as the name of a library). I will make both of these clearer in the style guide.

>    - changed the Default value of the Hello Universe `namespace` variable. The assigned value is remains the same from
>      the Profile version 1.0.0 to 1.1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Changed the default value of the Hello Universe `namespace` variable. The value assigned for profile version 1.1.0 is the same as the value for version 1.0.0 and is not overwritten unless we select **Use new default**. 
```

Is this what you meant?

>    - added a new profile variable for Grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Added a new profile variable for Grafana.
```
